# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `extreme_edge_cases`  
**Scheduled**: 11-27-22 15:03:00  
**Revision**: 8da200ad398edbfa61d77fc7e93fc6a04dfdbd24  
**Score**: **19.0** out of **21.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Implementation ASCII**: Tests that camelCaser correctly handles various ASCII characters.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation Correct Capitals**: Tests that camelCaser returns sentences with the correct capitalization.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation Correct Number Of Sentences**: Tests that camelCaser returns an array with the correct number of elements.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation Correct Number Of Words**: Tests that returns an array with elements that are the correct length.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation Incomplete Sentences**: Tests that camelCaser returns output where incomplete sentences are ignored.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation Last Element Null**: Tests that camelCaser returns an array that is null-terminated.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Memory**: Memory test for your camelCaser and destroy (you must pass implementation tests to get full points here).  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Memory errors/leaks detected!
==178== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==178== Copyright (C) 2002-2017, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==178== Using Valgrind-3.15.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==178== Command: ./cc_impl 8 85
==178== Parent PID: 7
==178== 
==178== Invalid write of size 1
==178==    at 0x401FD2: camel_case_sentence (camelCaser.c:132)
==178==    by 0x401E09: handle_punct (camelCaser.c:87)
==178==    by 0x401CBE: camel_caser (camelCaser.c:38)
==178==    by 0x4018E8: test_stress (cc_impl_main.c:163)
==178==    by 0x401BB0: main (cc_impl_main.c:206)
==178==  Address 0x4a49be6 is 934 bytes inside an unallocated block of size 4,175,776 in arena "client"
==178== 
==178== Conditional jump or move depends on uninitialised value(s)
==178==    at 0x483FEF7: strcmp (in /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/valgrind/vgpreload_memcheck-amd64-linux.so)
==178==    by 0x40193D: test_stress (cc_impl_main.c:168)
==178==    by 0x401BB0: main (cc_impl_main.c:206)
==178== 
==178== Conditional jump or move depends on uninitialised value(s)
==178==    at 0x483FEFB: strcmp (in /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/valgrind/vgpreload_memcheck-amd64-linux.so)
==178==    by 0x40193D: test_stress (cc_impl_main.c:168)
==178==    by 0x401BB0: main (cc_impl_main.c:206)
==178== 
==178== Conditional jump or move depends on uninitialised value(s)
==178==    at 0x401941: test_stress (cc_impl_main.c:168)
==178==    by 0x401BB0: main (cc_impl_main.c:206)
==178== 
==178== 
==178== HEAP SUMMARY:
==178==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==178==   total heap usage: 6 allocs, 6 frees, 18,031 bytes allocated
==178== 
==178== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==178== 
==178== Use --track-origins=yes to see where uninitialised values come from
==178== For lists of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -s
==178== ERROR SUMMARY: 4 errors from 4 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
```
---

**Implementation Multiple Punctuation**: Tests that camelCaser returns a correct array with edge case punctuation and spaces.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation NULL**: Tests that camelCaser returns NULL when given NULL.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Implementation Stress Test**: Stress-tests your camelCaser implementation.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Unit Tests**: Testing your unit tests.  
**10** out of **10.0** points
```
You identified 6/6 good implementations and 7/10 bad implementations.
```
### Checksums

426f3970a6b0a8495646c19c67074aca66f79eea camelCaser.c  
ab5213dbb6dcc5b733d0d5875f6c569bf7f394d2 camelCaser_tests.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


