# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `charming_chatroom`  
**Scheduled**: 11-01-22 14:53:00  
**Revision**: 7530bf3402437d8ba5dcaf74df6cfe8913810882  
**Score**: **6.0** out of **14.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Memory Test**: Checks for memory leaks/errors from your server/client.  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Server: No memory errors/leaks.
==1077== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==1077== Copyright (C) 2002-2017, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==1077== Using Valgrind-3.15.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==1077== Command: ./student_server 49500
==1077== Parent PID: 7
==1077== 
==1077== 
==1077== HEAP SUMMARY:
==1077==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==1077==   total heap usage: 4 allocs, 4 frees, 429 bytes allocated
==1077== 
==1077== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==1077== 
==1077== For lists of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -s
==1077== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)

Client 0: No memory errors/leaks.
==1079== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==1079== Copyright (C) 2002-2017, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==1079== Using Valgrind-3.15.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==1079== Command: ./student_client 127.0.0.1 49500 peter_parker out.txt
==1079== Parent PID: 7
==1079== 
==1079== 
==1079== HEAP SUMMARY:
==1079==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==1079==   total heap usage: 17 allocs, 17 frees, 15,522 bytes allocated
==1079== 
==1079== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==1079== 
==1079== For lists of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -s
==1079== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
```
---

**No Permission Port Test**: Checks that the student's server cannot bind to a port below 1024.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success! Server errored out successfully.
```
---

**Client Wrong Port Test**: Testing that client can't connect to a port that is not the server's port  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success! Client did not connect to non-existent port.
```
---

**Student Client AG Server**: Tests that the student's client works with the AG's server (no read/write failures).  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Client successfully received all messages from server.
```
---

**Student Server AG Client**: Tests that the student's server works with the AG's client (no read/write failures).  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Client successfully received all messages from server.
```
---

**Read Failure Test**: Tests that the student's server + client can handle read failures.  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Failed to send SIGINT to client 0.
Process is not running.
```
---

**Write Failure Test**: Tests that the student's server + client can handle write failures.  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Error: Client didn't receive all the messages from server.
```
---

**Everything Test**: Tests the student's server with multiple student clients with both read/write failures.  
**0.0** out of **4.0** points
```
Failed to send SIGINT to client 1.
Process is not running.
```
### Checksums

14d4c708ffcf7d98ac9275e21c858f53355d0c6c client.c  
8579d027e3629fb4509f41a42f5db0e5fa302c97 server.c  
b1f82e903a666ca7fd0bfc98b07e24cd05668b6c utils.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


