# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `savvy_scheduler`  
**Scheduled**: 12-01-22 00:00:00  
**Revision**: 7cb95ed5bfc5c63136edda3108775f062cab513a  
**Score**: **1.0** out of **11.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Test Average Response Time**: Tests that scheduler_average_waiting_time reports correct values (depends on working comparers)  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test Average Turnaround Time**: Tests that scheduler_average_turnaround_time reports correct values (depends on working comparers)  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test Average Wait Time**: Tests that scheduler_average_waiting_time reports correct values (depends on working comparers)  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test comparer_fcfs**: Test comparer_fcfs  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test comparer_ppri**: Test comparer_ppri  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test comparer_pri**: Test comparer_pri  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test comparer_psrtf**: Test comparer_psrtf  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test comparer_sjf**: Test comparer_sjf  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test Memory**: Tests that under correct usage there are no memory errors (depends on comparers and all callback functions not crashing)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
No memory errors/leaks.
==195== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==195== Copyright (C) 2002-2017, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==195== Using Valgrind-3.15.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==195== Command: ./scheduler_test 11
==195== Parent PID: 7
==195== 
==195== 
==195== HEAP SUMMARY:
==195==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==195==   total heap usage: 0 allocs, 0 frees, 0 bytes allocated
==195== 
==195== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==195== 
==195== For lists of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -s
==195== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
```
---

**Test New Job**: Test scheduler_new_job fills out job->metadata  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
---

**Test Round Robin quantum_expired**: Test that quantum_expired works correctly with RR scheme  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test failed!
```
### Checksums

676c397865b7728c44bd6c9f71f6dc47ee8bca98 libscheduler.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


